the Casa del Archangel is a stately
mansion located in antigua guatemala
this stately home sits on point one five
acres of land in a secure gated
community boasting over 8,000 square
feet the Casa del Archangel is a
two-story five-bedroom home designed
with classic old colonial styling with a
stately living room and a dining room to
sits 13 people the Casa del Archangel
has state-of-the-art kitchen cabinetry
stove oven microwave refrigerator
appliances and dishwasher
just outside in the courtyard awaits
intimate seating your own swimming pool
water fountains and lush landscaping the
stones surrounding these windows were
salvaged from ancient buildings in
Antigua just another interesting aspect
of Casa del Archangel the master bedroom
is everything you could ask for with a
fireplace flat-screen TV and its own
study off to the left the design of this
ceiling is impressive as is its own
garden there's much more to be seen in
this home including a laundry area
storage room two-car garage parking for
12 vehicles cable and Internet the
bathroom is unique with its own jacuzzi
the day sauna and shower and the lady of
the house will love her own walk-in
closet and dressing table as we explore
the other bedrooms we find quality
hardwood furniture tasteful art and an
old-world decor with Catholic symbolism
each bathroom flaunts hand-painted tiles
these brick tunnel ceilings are very
popular in Guatemala up the hardwood
stairs to the loft we find yet another
impressive bedroom bath combination with
exposed rafters and rustic chandelier it
is interesting and very convenient to
this home has many bedrooms for a driver
or a maid on the top floor we step out
onto a beautiful terrace enjoying the
view while admiring these cathedral
accents and the courtyard below
through this iron gate we step down a
seemingly ancient corridor emerging into
this intriguing wine cellar which is
sure to be a favoured location for wine
tasting for a quiet place to think we
hope that you have enjoyed this tour of
the Casa del Ark Angel mansion in
Antigua Guatemala